Hello and welcome to this Python tutorial.
So this tutorial is going to be another quick tutorial,
because we will just initialize
our convolutional neural network
and we know how to do this.
It's exactly the same as initializing a classic
artificial neural network.
We are going to create an object
of the sequential class,
and we're gonna call this object classifier,
because we are making the classifier
that will classify some images,
to tell if each image is a picture of a dog or a cat.
So we're doing nothing else than classification.
Alright, so classifier,
and then equals,
and then that's where we use the sequential class.
And let's not forget the parenthesis.
And that creates an object of this class.
And that's done.
That's all we need to do to initialize our CNN.
So let's select this and execute.
And now our convolutional neural network is initialized.
So now we can move onto the exciting part,
adding the different layers.
And the first layer that we're going to add
is the convolutional layer,
and that's what we'll do in the next tutorial.
Until then, enjoy deep learning.